2020.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2020.1.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 13)
 * General: Added new 7-series device support.

2020.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.2.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.1.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * General: Add support for new 7-series FPGA.
 * General: Update IP packaging to exclude new UltraScale and ACAP devices - no impact to IP functionality.

2018.3.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2018.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2018.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 11)
 * General: Add support for new devices XA7S6, XA7S15, XA7S25, XA7S75, XA7S100
 * General: Supported devices' production status are now determined automatically.

2017.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 10)
 * No changes

2017.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 10)
 * Resolve CRITICAL WARNING:[Timing 38-282] Negative SETUP slack violation (7s75-fgga676).  Also cleaned up the recommended pblocks for SEM controller for some 7-series devices.

2017.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 9)
 * Update SEM support label to Production for xc7z007s, xc7z012s, and xc7z014s. The IP is production for these devices as of 2017.1

2017.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 8)
 * General: Add Pre-production support for new devices XC7S6, XC7S15, XC7S75, XC7S100 (not verified in hardware)

2016.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2016.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 7)
 * General: Add Beta support for new devices XC7A25T,XC7A12T,XC7S25,XC7S50,XC7Z007S,XC7Z012S,XC7Z014S

2016.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 6)
 * Removed the workaround in 2016.1_AR67055 as the Vivado IP generation issue is fixed

2016.1_AR67055:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 67055)
 * AR 67055 - Work around IP generation issue in Vivado 2016.1

2016.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.4.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 5)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Reduce SEM controller pblock dimensions for xc7a15 and xc7a50 to align to clock regions to improve logic packing and remove placer alignment warning.
 * Remove empty example design text file, x7_sem_mon_fw_v.txt, from being generated in the example project. This file is unnecessary and has no functional impact.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Added support for xc7a15t, xa7a15t, and xc7z035 devices.
 * Added support for -LI speed grades to all Artix and Zynq 7Z010, 7Z015, 7Z020 Devices
 * Added support for -2LI speed grades to Kintex 7K160T, 7K325T, 7K355T, 7K410T, 7K420T, 7K480T and Zynq 7Z030 to 7Z100 Devices
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Added support for xq7a50t devices.
 * Replaced the icap_clk BUFG with BUFGCE in the example design as an example of a system-level means to delay IP start up until the clock has locked or to disable the IP in debug without modifying the bitstream.

2014.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Resolved AR 60056. Makedata.tcl is no longer incorrectly displayed as a simulation source file.
 * Resolved AR 60058. Corrected the listed support of xc7a75t, xc7z030, and xc7z015 from Pre-Production to Production.
 * This version of the IP does not yet support new device xq7a50t.

2014.1:
 * Version 4.1
 * Added support for xc7a35t, xc7a50t, xa7a35t, xa7a50t, and xa7a75t devices at Pre-Production status.
 * Replaced injection shim option "ChipScope" with "Vivado Lab Tools".
 * Improved efficiency of behavioral simulation.
 * Added simulation test harness to demonstrate inclusion of the IP in a project using Vivado simulation flows. IP behaviors are not observable in simulation. Hardware-based evaluation is required.

2013.4:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 3)
 * This version of the IP does not yet support new Artix devices 7A35T and 7A50T.

2013.3:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Increased pblock dimensions in the example design constraint file for Virtex-7 devices to fully contain logic. These pblocks may be manually reduced when integrating the IP into a larger design. Improved packing may reduce the design FIT. (AR47338)
 * Moved pblock closer to the ICAP in the example design constraint file for 7z100 devices to improve timing.
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators.
 * Added support for xc7a75t, xc7a75tl, and xc7z015 devices.
 * Support for xc7a75t, xc7a75tl, xc7z015, and xc7vh870t devices at Pre-Production status. All other supported devices at Production status.

2013.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated synchronizers to improve Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) for metastability.
 * Reduced pblock dimensions in the example design constraint file for SSI devices to increase logic packing and correct alignment of block memory placement.
 * Increased pblock dimensions in the example design constraint file for non-SSI devices to fully contain logic for correction by enhanced repair. These pblocks may be manually reduced when integrating the IP into a larger design. Improved packing may reduce the design FIT. (AR47338)
 * Resolved AR55370. Modified example design files for SSI devices to eliminate MON shim status report character loss and associated initialization state halt condition.
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis

2013.1:
 * Version 4.0
 * Added support for Zynq-7000 SoCs.
 * Resolved AR47402. Enabled maximum clock frequency of up to 100 MHz in 7 Series devices.
 * Resolved AR53438. Parameterized the EXT shim module to support larger SPI Flash devices. Refer to PG036 for more information.

(c) Copyright 2010 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
